add user documentation for secureboot signing (#158)
kubernetes-sigs/kernel-module-management: docs/mkdocs/secureboot-build-and-sign.md

# Signing kernel modules using KMM

### Secure-boot with KMM

For more details on using secure-boot see [here](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/9/html/managing_monitoring_and_updating_the_kernel/signing-kernel-modules-for-secure-boot_managing-monitoring-and-updating-the-kernel) or [here](https://wiki.debian.org/SecureBoot)

> ### Using Signing with KMM

Reviewer: We can remove it once `Secure-boot with KMM` is extracted IMO.

On a secure-boot enabled system all kernel modules (kmods) must be signed with a public/private keypair enrolled into the Machine Owner's Key or MOK database. Drivers distributed as part of a distribution should already be signed by the distributions private key, but for kernel modules build out-of-tree KMM supports signing kernel modules using the "sign" section of the kernel mapping.

KMM has the ability to build and sign kernel modules together by defining both the `build` and `sign` sections in the Module custom resource

To use this functionality you need:

 * A public private key pair in the correct (der) format
 * At least one secure-boot enabled nodes with the public key enrolled in its MOK database
 * The source code for the kmod to build and a Dockerfile for the driver container that will include it

> The yaml below should build a new container image using the source code from the https://github.com/chr15p/simple_driver_container (this kernel module does nothing useful but provides a good example). The image produced is saved back the the registry with a temporary name, and this temporary image is then signed using the parameters in the `sign` section.

Reviewer: Any reason we are not using https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kernel-module-management/tree/main/ci/kmm-kmod instead of https://github.com/chr15p/simple_driver_container?

This is yet another derivative of https://github.com/ybettan/simple-kmod. I don't think we should have that many different examples.

Author: just because that's the version I was testing with and I wanted to make sure I had an example that actually worked!  I think we should try and make examples as consistent as possible across all the docs through so if  https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kernel-module-management/tree/main/ci/kmm-kmod is the definitive version thats great, I will update

Reviewer: Thanks. https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kernel-module-management/tree/main/ci/kmm-kmod is the one we are using in CI and referring to in our docs https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kernel-module-management/blob/65421fee9d35844250160398febdc102fa00b0c3/docs/labs/ubuntu/kmm-kmod.yaml#L40-L41

> The temporary image name is based on the final image name (defined in `containerImage`) with `<namespace>_<module name>_kmm_unsigned` appended. So in the example below it would build an image named quay.io/chrisp262/minimal-driver:final-default_example-module_kmm_unsigned icontaining the build but unsigned kmods, and push it to the registry. Then it would create a second image, quay.io/chrisp262/minimal-driver:final containing the signed kmods. This second image that will then get loaded by the daemonset.

Reviewer: Can we have a generic name instead of  `quay.io/chrisp262/minimal-driver:final-default_example-module_kmm_unsigned`?

> The temporary image name is based on the final image name (defined in `containerImage`) with `<namespace>_<module name>_kmm_unsigned` appended. So in the example below it would build an image named quay.io/chrisp262/minimal-driver:final-default_example-module_kmm_unsigned icontaining the build but unsigned kmods, and push it to the registry. Then it would create a second image, quay.io/chrisp262/minimal-driver:final containing the signed kmods. This second image that will then get loaded by the daemonset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The temporary image name is based on the final image name (defined in `containerImage`) with `<namespace>_<module name>_kmm_unsigned` appended. So in the example below it would build an image named quay.io/chrisp262/minimal-driver:final-default_example-module_kmm_unsigned containing the build but unsigned kmods, and push it to the registry. Then it would create a second image, quay.io/chrisp262/minimal-driver:final containing the signed kmods. This second image that will then get loaded by the daemonset.
```

If your driver containers end up in `PostStartHookError` or `CrashLoopBackOff` status, and `kubectl describe` shows an event: `modprobe: ERROR: could not insert '<your kmod name>': Required key not available` then the kmods are either not signed, or signed with the wrong key.

> ```

Reviewer 2: Add 'yaml' ink after ```

apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: my-signing-key-pub
  namespace: default
type: Opaque
data:
  cert: <base64 encoded secureboot public key>

---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: my-signing-key
  namespace: default
type: Opaque
data:
  key: <base64 encoded secureboot private key>

---
apiVersion: kmm.sigs.k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: Module
metadata:
  name: example-module
  namespace: default
spec:
  moduleLoader:
    serviceAccountName: default
    container:
      modprobe:
        moduleName: 'simple_kmod'
      kernelMappings:
        - regexp: '^.*\.x86_64$'

>           containerImage: quay.io/chrisp262/minimal-driver:final

Reviewer: Can we point to `kmm-kmod`?

          build:
            dockerfile: |
              ARG KERNEL_VERSION

>               FROM quay.io/chrisp262/driver-toolkit:centos8-${KERNEL_VERSION} as builder

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
              ARG DTK_AUTO
              FROM ${DTK_AUTO} as builder
```

WDYT?

              WORKDIR /build/

>               RUN git clone -b main --single-branch https://github.com/chr15p/simple_driver_container.git

Reviewer: Can we use ci/kmm-kmod for that? or at least the official simple-kmod?
